GODOT WILD JAM DESIGN LAYOUT

Theme: Mutation
Wildcards: Disassembly, Checkout, Turtle

Idea: Robot turtle assembly
	Mutation: Mech structure of turtle mutates based on how you take care of it
	Disassembly: Repurpose parts from disassembled robots
	Checkout: Purchase parts from shop for turtle
	Turtle: Assemble robot turtle

Basic Mechanics:
	Assembly
		Nodes to attach parts
		Parts give unique modifiers
	Shop: currency, shop layout
		Menus
	Battle
		The turtle walks in random directions & flings itself at the enemy
			Like duck life. You build it then watch it autonomously.
			For interactivity, projectiles/other weapons could be timed by the player.
		The head is the main damage area. The shell resists the most.
	Attachments
		The parts attached to the turtle chasis
		Weapons:
			Shell-top, Tail
		Protection:
			Shell, Head
		Mobility:
			Legs
		Should mainly follow this but some attachments can have multiple purposes. The head, for example, could have a laser attachment to it.

Attachments & Descriptions:
	Mace Tail - Chained to tail, swings freely with gravity
	Gun Shell - Shell with a gun attached to it. Self-explanatory.

Collisions:
	1 - collide with player
	2 - chains
	3 - ignore
	4 - damage

Mechanics in relation to Dynamics and Aesthetics: (With the time constraint, a lot of these will probably not make it into the game. But I will try to perform as many as possible)
	Assembly:
		M: Assembly sign tilts to the right by a screw
		D: Player notices it, helps distract from the initial darkness
		A: Gives assembly a mechanical, rustic feeling
		
		M: Items slide in by a conveyor belt
		D: Adds to the feeling of the room being built
		
		M: Lights off initially. Flickers. Turns on. (later only occasionally flickers)
		A: Feels like a garage with a faulty light
		
		M: Room zooms in.
		A: Feels ike you're just walking into the room after turning on the light
	
		M: Sounds: Screws, hammering, slight low buzzing noise (like a power generator), cricket?
		A: Feels mechanical
	
	Battle:
		M: Screen rumbles when battle opens or contact is made
		A: Adds to intensity
		
		M: Enemy drops in from the right with a zoom-in and a FIGHT sound
		D: Player understands target and has a moment to gauge the intensity of the fight
		A: Feeling of challenge
		
		M: Zooms out to a wider portrayal of the scene
		D: Player loses tension and watches the battle
		A: Feeling of spectation
		
		M: Metal/intense music met with slight breaks; pipe sounds, chainsaws, coins (coins are metal... so it might add to the feeling)
		A: Feeling of intensity
		
		M: Camera slightly bobs to match music bpm
		D: Player feels and sees the rhythm
		A: Immersion
	
	Shop:
		M: Shopkeeper's elbows rest on countertop. Leans forward, head tilted onto wrist. Eyes slightly opened, slow blinks. Falls asleep after a while.
		A: Gives the player a break from the chaos with a relaxing, unintense vibe
		
		M: Parts hung on wall on a peg board with prices
		D: Player looks at the parts that seem visually appealing and wonders about their functions
		A: Curiosity, choice
		
		M: Click part. Shopkeeper prompts if you'd like to purchase it. Purchase is met by black screen with a cash register ding and money symbol.
		A: Player now feels like they own the part
		
		M: Music: Coins, cash register, metal sounds
		A: Mechanical and also prompting to purchase
	
	Overworld: 
		M: Small turtle sprite (basic but simplified) with 2 fps walking animation
		D: Players attention draws to the path of where
		A: Feels charming, simple, gives direction
	
		M: Shop is a physical place on the map. Button only unlocks when you open it for the first time.
		A: Feels like the world is connected, rather than just UI buttons
		
		M: Bottom-Left: Assembly, Level, Bottom-Right: Shop, Money, Top-Left: Menu
		D: Player can locate buttons easier
		A: Feels intuitive & centered: money near shop, assembly near level, menu is located in typical site location
		
		M: Cutesy, adventurous music using mostly the drums and simple pipe sound melodies
		A: Engaging but calming, offers ears a break from the noise, not overbearing, draws ears more to background noises
